organizationIdentifier clarifications (#12)
srdavidson/smime: SBR.md

   __Contents:__ If present, the CA SHALL confirm that the `subject:organizationalUnitName` is the full legal organization name of an Affiliate of the `subject:organizationName` in the Certificate and has been verified in accordance with the requirements of [Section 3.2.3](#323-authentication-of-organization-identity). The CA MAY include information in this field that differs slightly from the verified name, such as common variations or abbreviations, provided that the CA documents the difference and any abbreviations used are locally accepted abbreviations.

d. __Certificate Field:__ `subject:organizationIdentifier` (2.5.4.97)  

>    __Contents:__ If present, the `subject:organizationIdentifier` field SHALL contain a Registration Reference for a Legal Entity assigned in accordance to the identified Registration Scheme. The Registration Reference SHOULD be unique where the scheme andjurisdiction provide unique identifiers. 

Reviewer: andjurisdiction ... fix spacing

The Registration Reference SHOULD be unique where the Registration Scheme and jurisdiction provide unique identifiers.

Author: ```suggestion
   __Contents:__ If present, the `subject:organizationIdentifier` field SHALL contain a Registration Reference for a Legal Entity assigned in accordance to the identified Registration Scheme. The Registration Reference SHOULD be unique where the scheme and jurisdiction provide unique identifiers. 
```
